## Investigation of Houston and New York---	A City Preview for City Migrant and Business Investor 

1. Summary: In this report, to show an example of helping people “see” the city before they move, I compared two biggest cities in USA, Houston and New York. The venues information is used for visualizing city’s neighborhood functionality.  Venue super category is defined to better represent overall impression of neighborhood. Using k-mean clustering method, I summarized neighborhoods in to 4 neighborhood clusters for each city and used ratio of venues in each super category to discuss neighborhood properties. There are a lot of similarty and difference between the two cities in terms of ratio of venues in each cluster.  From map view of clusters, we can see while the neighborhoods in different clusters are mixed and close to each other in New York, they are spatially separated in Houston. We can see from analysis, New York is more vibrant cities with denser venues and venue categories. Houston is less crowded and also a city with veunes in funcations. I think both cities are great and suitable for a certain type of people. So with this report, people can compare with their life style and choose the right city to move. Bussiness investigator can also see which city is more suitable for their venture. 

2. [Jupyter Notebook](https://github.com/YDaiRice/Houston_NewYork_Neigborhood_Investigation/tree/master/Code_JupyterNoteBook)
3. [Full Report](https://github.com/YDaiRice/Houston_NewYork_Neigborhood_Investigation/blob/master/Investigation_of_Houston_NewYork_0319.pdf)
4. [PPT](https://github.com/YDaiRice/Houston_NewYork_Neigborhood_Investigation/blob/master/Investigation%20of%20Houston%20and%20New%20York.pdf)
